docs(hipfile): Update CHANGELOG.md for 0.4.0 (#9265)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/hipfile/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> * `ais-check` now lists the AIS-capable file system mounts detected on the system and fails if none are found.

Reviewer: This should go under "changed"

> * `ais-check` gained a KFD-based alternative check for P2P DMA support, inspecting the `capability` property under `/sys/class/kfd/kfd/topology/nodes/*/properties`.

Reviewer: I would avoid "gained" and say "KFD-based check added to ais-check"

This way it can stay under added

> * Fastpath-only tests are now automatically skipped on systems that do not support the AIS fastpath instead of failing. The reason for skipping is reported when `ctest` is run with `-V`.

Reviewer: This should be rewritten and moved to changed.

```suggestion
* Fastpath-only tests are now automatically skipped on systems that do not support the AIS fastpath instead of failing. Running ctest in verbose mode (`ctest -V`) will provide the reason why the test was skipped.
```
